In the last lecture we made sure that can handle errors.
And with that we get a robust application which allows us to post our orders to our backend that already
is a lot.
Now there's one more thing I want to do though.
I also want to be able to get some data from the back end.
And why don't we get our ingredients from there.
So the ingredients which we set up like this.
Why don't we get the ingredients dynamically from the back end for that let's go to firebase forest
and let's close the orders node.
Now let's add a new note by clicking on the plus directly next to your root name here.
And let's name this ingredients then add this plus your on the right to add a nested element and there
in credence should really just be our key value pairs.
So there we might have sell it with a value of zero.
Click this add button then and now add more and let's add meat with a value of zero.
Let's add bacon with a value of zero.
So I'm using the same ingredients as before because I only support these.
But you could of course now add more to both your frontal code and your back end.
And let me also add she's here.
And of course you could also set up different starting values.
So now we get that ingredient note here SD You are added to it.
You will need to append dot Jason to really Xs though.
And now the goal is to initialize our ingredients here with the ingredients we just stored on firebase.
So still in the burger Bolar component.
And once you set up the state dynamically and you learned that a good place for fetching data is component
date.
MT So this is the method I want to use.
So add it to your component did mount like this and there I now want to reach out with xes.
So I'm using Access with a get request and reach out to that you are ill just copied with Dot Jason
at the end.
So this will now send the request to get our ingredients and then add then block your to handle the
response we get back and that response should of course contain our ingredients object.
So now the goal is to set our state here ingredients to that object.
So I'm actually going to set this to null initially here because we're now fetching it from the database.
And there I will now call this set state and set ingredients equal to response.
And there there will be a data object which actually contains the data we fetched.
Now if we save that and we go back to our application here you'll see we get an error because now when
we try to look for our ingredients at the start of the app that of course fails because initially we
now know really fetching it at the start and that's a typical use case in applications you fetched data
when it loads.
So parts of the UI which depend on the data will therefore fail.
Now this of course can easily be that by checking if we have ingredients before rendering anything which
depends on ingredients like the burger you know there are a couple of ways where we can handle this.
I want to handle it here in my container.
I want to show a spinner instead of the burger and instead of the bulled controls whilst I am waiting
for the ingredients to load.
So to do that I'll add another variable here which I'll name burger and this will be the burger and
the bold controls so cut it from there and assign it to that variable.
And now of course this will fail due to us having adjacent elements here in JS X which is not liked
by default.
As you learned but you can ever return an array or use our alks helper component here essentially.
So I'll wrap it with that.
Keep in mind that's not rendering anything to the screen so we're not destroying our layout.
But Burger's should of course actually only be that if we have the ingredients so I'll actually overwrite
the variable buger which all set prior to that burger where I will use the Spener and then I only want
to override it if this state ingredients is basically not null.
So there will only be the case if it was loaded.
So move my code where I overwrite the program variable inside of this if statement.
So now by default the burger is just a spinner.
And now it can output it here below the modal output Bergere with single call Brace's.
However with all the face and number issue the order summary will also use the ingredients and therefore
fail.
So here we should simply also add something in said order summary to no by default.
And then at the same check we're actually we already have that check of course where we override that
order summary variable with the order summary if ingredients are set.
So let's add does ofter does Bruegel code here maybe.
So now we are overwriting the order summary in that same if statement we traded a second ago.
Of course I also want to make sure that we override this.
Again if loading was set so ofter does if Stape and where we check for ingredients or ADD does old if
statement where we check for the loading state to override order summary when needed.
So now when we save this and go back to the application you saw that spinner for a fraction of a second
and they're after you.
You can get going and you can create that burger which you can see is still handled correctly.
So this all works.
The cool thing now is if we go to firebase and we update our ingredients so that for example we always
start with meat.
We can simply set meat to one year and confirm with enter and then go back to our burger.
And if we now reloaded you'll see we already start with one meat.
So that's pretty cool.
So now we're also fetching this from the back end.
And now we really improved our application and we have both a post and a get request.
Now the good thing is we're showing the spare but if we now are removing dead Jason and you're off our
your all where we getting the rience just as an example if we're removing death and we go back we don't
get the error or Modelo that's not cool.
Why are we not getting that that can be hard to spot.
The reason they actually can be found in our with air handler function we're setting up our interest
centers.
Any component did mount hook and it worked great for the post request but think about that lifecycle
diagram.
There you see component did mount is actually called after all child components have been rendered which
means ofter a component did mound was completed in the child components.
Now think about our with error handler here.
We're wrapping this wrap component which is our Bergere Boulder container for example because there
we are using with air handler on the export.
So we're essentially wrapping the Bergere Boulder and that of course has one application component did
mount Indy with error handler will only be called once component did mount was called here and since
we reach out to the web in component did mount of the wrap component we never set up our interceptors.
The fix is simple we use component will mount.
This will be called before the child components are rendered and we're not causing side effects here.
We're just registering the interceptors and we want to do that before the child components are rendered.
Now if dad if we save this and we reload the application we get that error or motile But then we get
another error that we fail to set our state.
The reason for this is that the then block gets executed in our Bergere Boulder even though we have
an error.
Now the reason for dead simply is that we're not having a catch method here in component did mount of
the Bergere Boulder.
If we catch an error there and simply don't do anything with it for example then we will already not
get this anymore because now we're not calling the then lock anymore.
We can still dismiss the network error and our application is now broken.
So we probably would want to handle that specific error case here for this specific page by for example
also setting DUI here.
So there we could also set some error state.
So now in the Bergere Boulder which is null initially or faults maybe and then inside here if we get
an error if we catch this then we call set state and set error or.
True.
Now with that we can go down to the render method and we want to output an error message for disk case
for our application becomes unusable.
Here we set Bergere to Spener.
Now we actually don't want to show the spinner but our application is not usable at all.
Error message if we have D error or equal to true.
So we could check if this state error or if that is true and we actually want to show a paragraph or
we say ingredients can't be loaded.
This is our worst case scenario.
Otherwise we're showing the spinner or we're overwriting it with ingredients if we got them.
So now if we save this we get the spinner and then we see ingredients can be loaded.
Now our application is broken but at least we show it to the user.
Of course once we fix that link by adding dot Jason at the end again.
Now of course the ingredients will load.
As you can see here we see the spinner for a fraction of a second the ingredients are there and we can
continue using our application just fine.
So it is now all working.
Now we get a really robust application where we are both storing orders and we're fetching content.
Now of course we could also implement code to fetch the orders from our database from our back end here.
So data is something we want to work on next routing being able to switch pages even though technically
we only have one page in that single page application.